README.md, before:

# Emergency.help

The mission of Emergency.help is to save lives and secure property. Our current focus is developing CrisisProfile and automatically dispatching first responders instantly when an emergency is reported. We will provide them the data, photographs, and video they need. Our long-term vision is to provide a combined safety, security, and health platform for all stakeholders. 

## Features planed

### CrisisProfile and SwattingRegistry

This free world wide information system will provide emergency call takers and dispatchers, first responders, hospitals and clinics, schools, correctional facilities, friends and family, and employers the information they need to effectively respond to a person in a medical or mental health crisis. Unlike [Smart911](https://www.smart911.com/) and [RapidSOS's emergencyprofile.org](https://emergencyprofile.org) the database can be queried when there is an emergency or for crisis response planning and not just showed to 911 call takers when an associated phone number calls 911. 

Our dream is that phone companies will be required to recommend to their customers that they fill out a CrisisProfile for themselves and their family members and have our app on every phone. In event say a child is lost, a be on the lookout for the child with their photo could be sent out to first responders and the public before police speak with the parents.

CrisisProfile can also be used to contact people living at an address that is the target of swatting. The concept of a swatting registry was created by Sean Whitcomb when he was employed by the Seattle Police Department. During a swatting incident, a 911 dispatcher can type in an address. If there are known people associated with the address then the system automatically calls every phone number associated with the address. When someone answers their phone an automated system asks them if they are at the address and if so asks if there an actual emergency. 

### Instant dispatching

As soon as an emergency call comes in with an address we will automatically dispatch first responders and unmanned aircraft with thermal imaging to the scene. We want to integrate with existing first responder computer aided dispatch software by using an application programming language (API) or a screen scraper such as [SikuliX](http://sikulix.com/) The emergency.help app will allow citizens to select an emergency type and location on a map like ride sharing apps like Uber and Lyft.

Commit message:

change name to SafetyHealth.cloud

README.md, after:

# SafetyHealth.cloud

The mission of SafetyHealth.cloud is to save lives, secure property, and help everyone to be healthy. Our current focus is developing CrisisProfile and automatically dispatching first responders instantly when an emergency is reported. We will provide them the data, photographs, and video they need. Our long-term vision is to provide a combined safety, security, and health platform for all stakeholders. 

## Features planed

### CrisisProfile and SwattingRegistry

This free world wide information system will provide emergency call takers and dispatchers, first responders, hospitals and clinics, schools, correctional facilities, friends and family, and employers the information they need to effectively respond to a person in a medical or mental health crisis. Unlike [Smart911](https://www.smart911.com/) and [RapidSOS's emergencyprofile.org](https://emergencyprofile.org) the database can be queried when there is an emergency or for crisis response planning and not just showed to 911 call takers when an associated phone number calls 911. 

Our dream is that phone companies will be required to recommend to their customers that they fill out a CrisisProfile for themselves and their family members and have our app on every phone. In event say a child is lost, a be on the lookout for the child with their photo could be sent out to first responders and the public before police speak with the parents.

CrisisProfile can also be used to contact people living at an address that is the target of swatting. The concept of a swatting registry was created by Sean Whitcomb when he was employed by the Seattle Police Department. During a swatting incident, a 911 dispatcher can type in an address. If there are known people associated with the address then the system automatically calls every phone number associated with the address. When someone answers their phone an automated system asks them if they are at the address and if so asks if there an actual emergency. 

### Instant dispatching

As soon as an emergency call comes in with an address we will automatically dispatch first responders and unmanned aircraft with thermal imaging to the scene. We want to integrate with existing first responder computer aided dispatch software by using an application programming language (API) or a screen scraper such as [SikuliX](http://sikulix.com/) The emergency.help app will allow citizens to select an emergency type and location on a map like they can with ride sharing apps such as Uber and Lyft.
